Promise, don't worry, don't worry
Cultivation also pays attention to the combination of work and rest
One month to complete the training of Wan Xiangturtle employees
It took 20 years to become a teacher
This apprentice is too talented
It's a blow to the confidence of being a master
cut
Ah, right, Promise?
Forgot to introduce
This is my daughter Ouyang Chuchu
Hello, Miss Ouyang
Little Junior Brother, just call me Senior Sister.
Okay, Promise
Here we go.
I want to tell you something important
Master please say
After leaving this secret room
I will announce to the public that the Arkokota Spirit Monument is out of control Night
9 Inspirations of the Promise Examination
Actually only 6 times
Dad, why is this?
Shooting a dark arrow is hard to prevent
The spiritual world is fiercely competitive
The law of the jungle
The genius disciples of the major sects who die every year
Countless
Why do you think
Go to other sects secretly